[Serializer] Update serializer.rst (#16845)
symfony/symfony-docs: components/serializer.rst

    behavior can be changed with the optional context key ``XmlEncoder::DECODER_IGNORED_NODE_TYPES``.

    Data with ``#comment`` keys are encoded to XML comments by default. This can be

>     changed by adding the ``\XML_COMMENT_NODE`` option to the ``XmlEncoder::ENCODER_IGNORED_NODE_TYPES`` key of the ``$defaultContext``  of the

Reviewer: We use to break lines at 80 characters.

Author: thank you @HeahDude for these corrections. It is ok for me

>     ``XmlEncoder`` class constructor or directly to the encode() method's $context argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``XmlEncoder`` constructor or directly to the encode() method ``$context`` argument::
```

Author: thank you @HeahDude for these corrections. It's ok for me
